99 what's the party going to start again?
and this time i will do a little video
make one of his old songs
pull out can I do that was
now only brings so than I can only
so I show myself have no iphone
i now have a samsung note 4 and
I can do that half-blood so reasonably
show does not ask how did I do that
always had compression iphone as
First you need itunes fires us
whether 64 bit or 32 bit he would have to
Know what you have I have 64 and me
still have downloaded next if
it took her this comes
window you go here and continue
sustained where to make free I should remember
that would be me on the
Teeth I want something on the stove top
and I just give it now
months creates an apron zack
ready so mum on the way yes
nothing with me and on install
so now this is installed in the
You can already do that
from a mobile phone or
no matter if iphone 4 iphone 5 it always does
In any case , it was at the festival in
gold what pc connect and wait but
Only then does it after when itunes
is open
otherwise it may take a few seconds
until it is finished
I love this, that's always the case
one thing
because most do not just want the
that's why most of them use itunes
use the hierarchy of yourself
Again, everything is fine, so it's nice
have it installed you have it here so
then opens he wants to stop
now I do not want to make it
how could it be if you do
then the iphone so you have to go here
Sign in
I only answered a few times , I reply
sign up now
I am logged in now
about my account and that's us too
you can see me now is 24
nothing now shows that just up
sure
you see then what you gets for ye
this should now be the task
I would not be able to do that
omitting
In any case, if the phone
the weather has connected up
that is displayed here
controls such a small window with
the phone on it you go on it and
then it goes on a bit further here
down that is then you can now
Do not really show that here
You have a bit of coffee just like that
a kind of list where all the songs
that's what you do on medias then
is very simple, the banks probably
not basically but music
understands the library music library
as you go on it and then you go on
Adding right top is like that
and then you come this list her so
a list comes then and then
Do you actually pull that in the sense
stop right into the corresponding one
list became where your iphone is you
then you need hourly on this work
but most 16 gigabyte am
the opinion in any case if you
want you can also take the title
is actually up to you
but whoever wants to be or is to you
let's leave it to us so yes
That's exactly how it looks in theory
train there is just with you then
still several things with buy one goes yes
just down at about this height
is music or media almost an
same
and since then it goes and keep
you stand on the top right then add so
then you go on it you have something
written about it
after that when you're done showing now
He also out on easy handy out
pull and then just look if
the mobile phone has accepted must first mp3
I have already tried mp4 so
videos do not work I 've tried it
I do not go so I do not know if
I somehow manage it but me
have as much as you can not manage how
already said that stands then here
with music then you see some
designed on it also have the list
now what is it here where the music
everything with what then becomes simply the
displayed and yes sorry that
That's it
More did not need to know because that was what
These are the first rules you need
in any case itunes-link and in the
description of course you can 64 bit
take or 32 bit I have 64 bit so
uses the 64 bit version
and then just install cellphone
then register afterwards
very important you have to sign up
you do not have to leave after that
then logs off automatically but so
at the latest when specifically that and
cellphone is reconnected to the fixed
Open directly here and then you are
also registered at the same time player
but I will leave now
in that I just do not have
and in the sense of what is actually synonymous
Of course I hope I have it
you like it if so let me
then I would say until the time of
next time
the job ag skin in there